[Music]
hey guys my name is sir DG runs the
peachy if you're new around here I have
the Sony rx100 mark sits from the
biggest difference between the rx100 5
the rx100 6 this guy has a 24 to 200
millimeter lens so they completely
changed the lens on this previously it
was a 24 to 70 millimeter but the
aperture started at F 1.8 and here it
starts at F 2.8 now you can touch the
screen to focus and it actually goes
down to a 90-degree angle just say
you're doing like an overhead shot
you're gonna be able to actually see the
screen and that's that's helpful they
say they've changed these skin color
algorithms so maybe the skin tones are
gonna look better that's something I'm
very curious about
and it has much better autofocus so
let's stop talking let's actually go
test this out first I'm gonna head to
Washington Square Park say what's up to
a friend and we're gonna test out this
autofocus and that extra zoom I'm sick
right now so forgive my nasal okay I
don't want to like go say this wrong
yeah I'm just like oh you're gonna do
some soccer trick right my name is
Daniel I do freestyle has called
freestyle soccer so would you like crazy
tricks and stuff in the sport of
freestyle and yeah I guess I do a bunch
of like funny videos on Instagram and
YouTube and bumble tinder everyone oh my
gosh show them up guys okay so we're
gonna test this improved autofocus and
slow-mo with his skills
[Music]
you're gonna teach me a trick yes let's
do it all right let's do it I'm gonna
hand over the rx100 to you hi we're
going to teach Sarah this trick is
called the next next song so you just
going to bounce it like they go from
there that's just a lot of practice it's
gonna kind of throw it up and then you
come down at the same speed so it like
pushing sit like that's the point inside
you're a destroyed
I want to change my Instagram accounts
are just a soccer freestyle so Sony has
this new accessory that's a handle it's
not very long it's not like a Gorillapod
so it's not going to give you much of
extra extension but you can hit the
record button you can actually zoom in
from here do some very slow oh is it
zooming yes I'm very slow dramatic is
this my very impression he's stunning to
me how disproportionate the amount of
value you can get by reverse engineering
the top three six eight influencers
No
yo yo on subscriber
[Music]
I was seeing how long I could shoot 4k
yeah so it automatically stopped at five
minutes again as I was shooting out on
the pier there was some peeps running on
the path and they were like PJ I love
when you guys say what's that say what's
up to me if you see me running around in
New York also if you haven't joined the
PG fam yet what are you doing
let's hit that subscribe button down
below I put out new videos every single
week about creativity and tech and life
them hmm okay rx100 mark 6 I've made a
lot of Arts 100 videos in the past I
started with the 3 then upgraded to the
5 I skipped before I'll link more videos
about the rx100 down description below
if you're curious but I say this as
there's like two groups out there
looking to upgrade you're either wanting
to go with arts 105 or the six if you
have the 5 honestly I do not think it's
worth the upgrade unless you want that
200 millimeter reach and also the touch
to focus touch to focus it's great when
I like comprehended in my in my brain
how far away 200 millimeter it was and I
was shooting that cruise ship and I
compared 7 to 200 as like okay this
could actually be worth it I mean that's
that's such a significant amount of
reach for a point and shoot however if
low light is super important to you
can't you sacrifice the F 1.8 on the
rx100 5 for the F 2.8 at its widest on
the rx100
six the menu system on the six is
improved I like it a lot the two tabs
that the camera thing is much more
efficient than the one on the five
everyone has been wanting a microphone
jack in this camera and we still don't
have it you know maybe it doesn't make
sense it's such a tiny camera where
would you even put the microphone I
don't know but we want it Sony please
can you you know Sony put so many
high-end features into this camera
especially with the epic slo-mo in the
4k having that ability to put an
external microphone on top would just be
clutch would be so good I get it they
have to protect their other line of
cameras you have the a 6500 where you
can have a microphone the top introduced
interchangeable lenses then you have the
a7 and a7 s and the a7 three and there's
so many cameras it's kind of weird
because the a 6500 body is $1100 and the
art 106 is $1200 the best part about a
new rx100 camera being dropped is the
fact that the ones below than the five
before the three their prices drop as
well when you compared to other
point-and-shoot it's like put an rx 100
next to the g7x like it blows the g7x
out of water like hands down so it does
make sense it's more expensive but it
just gets to a certain point where it's
weird spending so much money on a
point-and-shoot touch to focus was super
quick I want this in my a 7 s I'm ready
for the a7 s3 I need a better autofocus
let's go the max ISO is still 1200 and
the EVF is now easier to pop out and pop
in it along with a variety of picture
profiles that you can get with this
camera I have to mention that yes you
can shoot s log 3 it's nice to have this
variety so you can match up with other
cameras like maybe bigger cameras that
you're shooting with that do s log 3 or
PP 7 etc when you're just out and about
vlogging and you
have your artists 100 like why would you
want to do that much color trading
that's why I use the neutral and I jump
up contrast and saturation one that's a
good sweet spot for me for my simple
color great image stabilization at 4k is
still non-existent it gets pretty darn
shaky but when you're at that 200
millimeters with the 1080 that image
stabilization is very nice very very
nice so what do you guys think are you
gonna get 6 are you interested 5 is the
200 millimeters really worth that price
tag along with the touch screen and
other new additions I don't know I don't
know but I just want to say from the
bottom of my heart thank you so much for
tuning in
check out the new podcast the creative
exchange every single Monday in
description below along with rx100
videos
daniel's Instagram and YouTube thank you
for doing all of your soccer stuff and
make sure to hit that subscribe button
thank you guys so much for tuning in
let me know if you like this video stay
peachy ok
[Music]